Add introduction page for Webots (#94)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/introduction/tools/webots.rst

Webots
======

*Webots* is an open-source three-dimensional mobile robot simulator.
It was originally developed as a research tool to investigate various control algorithms in mobile robotics. Since December 2018, Webots is released as an open source software under the `Apache 2.0 license <https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>`_. `Cyberbotics Ltd. <https://cyberbotics.com/>`_ maintains Webots as its main product continuously since 1998.

> This documentation is based on the `Webots Documnetation <https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/getting-started-with-webots/>`_. For more details, please refer to it.

Reviewer: Also move this sentence to the end of previous paragraph. 

```suggestion
Please, refer to the original `Webots User Guide Documetation <https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/getting-started-with-webots/>`_ for more details on how to setup and get started with Webots.
```

* If you don't want to use existing robot models provided within Webots and would like to create your own robot models, or add special objects in the simulated environments, you will need a basic knowledge of 3D computer graphics and VRML97 description language. That will allow you to create 3D models in Webots or import them from 3D modeling software.

Webots Simulation
-----------------

A Webots simulation is composed of following items:

    1. A Webots world file (.wbt) that defines one or several robots and their environment. The .wbt file does sometimes depend on external PROTO files (.proto) and textures.
    2. One or several controller programs for the above robots (in C/C++/Java/Python/MATLAB).
    3. An optional physics plugin that can be used to modify Webots regular physics behavior (in C/C++).

.. figure:: /rst/figures/intro/tools/webots/webots_nao.png

Next Steps
----------

Visit `Webots Documentation <https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/getting-started-with-webots>`_ for more information.

.. note::

>     © 2022 Cyberbotics Ltd. - Open Source Robot Simulator -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Copyright © 2022 Cyberbotics Ltd.
```
